Welcome back.
So in this video we're going to create the latest news page.
Now the latest news page is going to be pretty similar to the blog page book which you can add a Wordpress
filter which will fill the current polls to display just the ones that are tied with the news category.
So to get started.
Head over to brocades and create a new page and service page as page kyphon News doppie HP.
And then because it's going to be pretty similar to the blog page where can just copy the index page.
So select all the content and copy.
And and paste it in the news page and save that.
And unlike the last few templates we've made this is going to be a single use template.
So we're only going to link this to the latest news page.
So to make sure we can link this to a Wordpress page right at the very top will add a comment which
will give it a template name.
So the comments at the top.
Then add a template name.
So this displays in the dashboard is going to be called the latest news.
And say that soon I will give this a template name.
If we head over to Wordpress and go to the dush board.
Select the pages on the left and then go to other new.
And create the latest news.
And this time if we go to the page attributes on the right on side we can select a template to use.
This time we can select the latest news template because we've added the template name at the top.
So select latest news.
And then publish.
They should be automatically added to the home page.
So at home the blog and now the latest news.
What a spelling mistake there.
Just added that Taylor to add the two onto the end and update.
Okay great nugget.
The home page the blog and the latest news.
So now we've used the index page as a template for the latest news we need to now filter these down
to only show the posts which have the category of news.
So head back over to the page news doppie HP.
And to add the category filter.
Open up the HP.
And I will use the word Press function which is Quee reposts.
And we're in the brackets will tell were press which post to query.
So the ones with the category name or category underscore name.
Equal to news.
There is some calling on the end and save.
So we go back over to the website refresh.
So now I'm click on the latest new section.
We should just be displayed with the posts which have the category of news.
Such work and finds.
That's good.
So you may know we need to add the text of the feature text at the top so we'll do this dynamically
in the functions doppies HP.
So this town will do with a little bit differently.
We'll get word pressed to pull in the name of the website which should be trunkful spa and then we'll
add a break tag then underneath will add the title of the page which should be latest news.
So go to the functions file.
We'll add another LC statement so make sure that you don't add.
Else if on to the close and curly brace for the if statement go to the next one down.
So else if.
In brackets is page template.
And the page template is going to be the page hyphen news.
Stop the HP.
So this one the LC stayman is checking the name of the actual template.
Then the curly braces.
So if it's a page template of page news will add the site name by grabbing the blog info.
There in the brackets simply type in a name and that I'll pull in the name of the site and there will
echo to the browser a break.
So I put this on a separate line.
And I will get the page title of latest news.
So just type in the underscore title.
And save.
Um refresh.
No where else.
Now we've pulled in the title of the website and then the title of the page.
So we would change any of these information.
It would now be displayed on likely such the latest new section finished.
Thanks for watching and we'll see in the next video.